docs(release): v1.30.0, v1.31.0 and v1.31.1 release template improvements (#12563)
filecoin-project/lotus: documentation/misc/RELEASE_ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

# ✅ Release Checklist

## ⬅️  Before RC1

> <details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details one>
```

Leave this one expanded by default?

<!--    {{$tagSuffix = printf "-%s" $rc}}-->
<!--  {{end}}-->
### {{$rc}}
<details>
  <summary>Section</summary>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> These PRs should be done in and target the `release/v{{$.Tag}}` or `release/miner/v{{$.Tag}}` branch.

#### Backport PR for {{$rc}}
- [ ] All explicitly tracked items from `Dependencies for releases` have landed
<!--  {{if ne $rc "rc1"}}-->
- [ ] Backported [everything with the "backport" label](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues?q=label%3Arelease%2Fbackport+)
- [ ] Create a PR with title `build: backport changes for {{$.Type}} v{{$.Tag}}{{$tagSuffix}}`
   - Link to PR:
- [ ] Merge PR

> - [ ] Removed the "backport" label from all backported PRs (no ["backport" issues](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues?q=label%3Arelease%2Fbackport+))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Remove the "backport" label from all backported PRs (no ["backport" issues](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues?q=label%3Arelease%2Fbackport+))
```

<!--{{end}}-->
</details>

## ➡ Post-Release
<details>
  <summary open>Section</summary>

- [ ] Open a PR against `master` cherry-picking the CHANGELOG commits from the `release/v{{.Tag}}` branch. Title it `chore(release): cherry-pick v{{.Tag}} changelog back to master`
   - Link to PR:
   - Assuming we followed [the process of merging changes into `master` first before backporting to the release branch](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/master/LOTUS_RELEASE_FLOW.md#branch-and-tag-strategy), the only changes should be CHANGELOG updates.
- [ ] Finish updating/merging the [RELEASE_ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/master/documentation/misc/RELEASE_ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md) PR from `Before RC1` with any improvements determined from this latest release iteration.
- [ ] Review and approve the auto-generated PR in [lotus-docs](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus-docs/pulls) that updates the latest Lotus version information.
- [ ] Review and approve the auto-generated PR in [filecoin-docs](https://github.com/filecoin-project/filecoin-docs/pulls) that updates the latest Lotus version information.

> 

Author: It is uncertain whether we should include this at this time, as I am unsure if the auto-generation feature is currently implemented for Filecoin-docs.

Reviewer: Agreed that this comment is inaccurate until https://github.com/filecoin-project/filecoin-docs/issues/2348 is handled.

Should we instead say:

```suggestion
- [ ] Update the Lotus version referenced in [filecoin-docs](https://github.com/filecoin-project/filecoin-docs/pulls) ([example](https://github.com/filecoin-project/filecoin-docs/pull/####)).
```

Or maybe we don't do this because we don't have any version stuff hardcoded in Filecoin docs?  In rereading https://docs.filecoin.io/nodes/lite-nodes/spin-up-a-lite-node#pre-build, I see that it just uses a version number as an example but has code for fetching the latest version.  I didn't search elsewhere through the docs but maybe we're good?

In that case, just remove this line?

Author: After a quick search on docs.filecoin.io, I didn't find any references to Lotus versions. Therefore, I'll remove this line for now. We can reintroduce it later if we determine it's necessary.
